welcome to Carolina Beach everyone knows
Carolina meets pretty well it's on the
coast of North Carolina and Carolina
Beach is kind of famous for a lot of
neon a lot of affordable housing and
probably most importantly a lot of fun
for the family there's a lot of people
that will come here on a very regular
basis
the the real estate economy has been hit
really hard on Carolina Beach there's a
lot of foreclosures there were a lot of
vacation homes so if you're looking for
a deal on a beach house this is where
you want to hit so right here is where
Carolina Beach actually starts there's a
food lion to the right when you first
drive in over the bridge we're going uh
let's see we're going towards Fort
Fisher for fishers where one of the
North Carolina but North Carolina
aquariums that is located and we'll have
a pretty nice tour and we have several
of the different exhibits there on our
YouTube channel and website Carolina
Beach the beaches acting to your left
and what you'll notice is when you drive
in its it's very retail --is-- it's it's
not it's not very glittery and
glamouring just yet but you'll notice
that when you start driving along here
it starts to get a lot more what's this
touristy well check it out here in a
second so we're back to the Carolina
Beach store this is where it's all at
so you've got like for example you've
got a Katie's pancake house you're gonna
have Michelangelo's pizza over here you
have McDonald's mamma mias is another
place Italian place people go to what
you're looking for for the center of
town for Carolina Beach are those
carousels look for those yellow
carousels that's where if you want to
take the kids to play you want to rent a
bike you want to run a jet ski you want
to go scuba diving there it is on the
right you want to go deep-sea
fishing you want to get a cup of coffee
you want to do something like sing
karaoke go have a beer this is this is
your main section where we're basically
one block over from the main road which
is a Lake Park Road and this is where
you're going to find all the deep-sea
fishing boats some of the bigger hotels
there is a Marriott on Carolina Beach
which a lot of people will stay at if
they're from out of town there's a bunch
of gas stations on this road and then
there's a lot of just residential
streets if you go straight down this
road right here which is Canal you'll
find a bunch of vacation homes a lot of
the rental properties that's where
they're all here's the main marina where
all the charters to go out and Carolina
Beach they'll do dives scuba dives
they'll do
coastal inshore fishing and deep-sea
fishing and then some of the bigger
boats down here
or example
those boats over there the royal cream
white royal queen and then the royal
winter princess they do dinners dinner
cruises some of those there's a good
restaurant over there to harbormaster's
you can see all the boats coming in this
is a cool area if you come down to
Carolina Beach go down to Canal Road
there's a big boat coming in from some
fishing you can watch them clean fish at
night here bring the kids it's actually
a lot of fun so this is where it's at
and like I said this is where all the
restaurants are and where a lot of the
hotels and motels are here's the
entrance of Lake Park if you're looking
for something else to do in a Carolina
Beach I've got a little tour of that as
well
paddle paddle boats and playground well
welcome back to Carolina Beach this is
called Lake Park this is a really
popular place to come if you're kind of
tired of the beach
they've got places that you can cook out
they've got playgrounds for the kids
they have paddle boats that you can kind
of see off in the distance those yellow
things they do movies here at night kind
of like movies on the lawn and this is
something else to do when you're
Carolina Beach just go to the little
kiosk there those guys will hook you up
with something and it's just something
else to check out if you're around